List of tags for Lope's plays

1. Tagging persName within the play: type=hist (historical and type=myth only. Do not tag the character names in dialogue.

2. PlaceName type = Tag placeName any time we have a specific city, country, or neighborhood named. If it's "an open field," don't tag it. The idea
would be to find coordinates for these places and plot them on a map, so if you couldn't map it, don't tag it. Tag places like "Troy," 
"Las Indias", "Europa," and other things that would be difficult but not impossible to map.

3. Tag with <emotion> nouns, verbs, and phrases for feeling with type = noun, type = verb, type = phrase, type=adj (adjective). Do not worry about
distinguishing among emotions. Comment <!...!> if you are not sure that what you are tagging is an emotion. We're going to be broad,
so tag the big four: happiness, sadness, fear, anger, plus subtypes (love, jealousy, melancholy, rage, gratitude, ingratitude) but
there's always going to be some subjectivity in the determination that something is expressing emotion. For metaphors for emotion, tag
it as a phrase.

Tag forms of "gusto" and "disgusto" when they mean pleasure and displeasure. 

Tag espressions for congratulations, like "parabién," "albricias" with emotion bc they are social forms that express happiness. Tag
"lo siento" and "pésame" as emotions bc they are social forms that express sadness

There might be trouble with: 
    "el sentido" (consciousness/one of the five senses/the meaning of a word--if the word is not used to indicate 
    a feeling, do not tag as emotion)

    "querer" to want--not necessarily emotional. Decide when to tag as emotion; it can mean "to love"
    
    "locura" and other mental effects--don't tag if it's not used in a metaphor for emotion, but if it's clearly
    "crazy with emotion," tag it
    
    "pensar" and other verbs for thinking, or nouns like "razón"--do not tag
    
    "admirar" usually means to wonder, to be surprised, and is thus an emotion
    
    forms of dead and alive--tag with emotion when a metaphor for emotion, and when not, don't
    
    
4. Tag with <body> any body parts. We expect to see these close to or in phrases with expressions of emotion. Do not tag with
body also things like "palmeta" (an open-handed slap) or "palmatoria" (cane) that have a part of the body as part of the word. That
gets us into potential issues with etymology. We want body parts used as body parts.

For now, "alma" (soul) and "mente" (mind) are not body parts, but "cerebro" (brain) is.

Tag "espíritu" when it means the vital spirits that drive the beating of the heart and the circulating of the blood. This is a medical
term in the 16th-17th centuries. The word doesn't always mean emotional spirit, but the invisible forces that make the machine of the 
body work. Don't tag "espíritu" however, when the same word means "ghost," "soul," or "wit"

Tag "sangre" with body, even if it's in a phrase that means nobility or heritage "su ilustre sangre," "pura sangre"--it's a metaphor
using a bodily feature

5. When tagging, do not include definite/indefinite articles unless you are tagging a phrase. When tagging verbs, do include both parts of 
a compound form, as in "se sintió," "ha querido," "había amado." In the case where object pronouns are attached to verb forms, as in
"quererme," tag the whole word, not part.

6. Metaphor w subtype
If one of these things is part of a metaphor, give a second attribute, figure="meta". I like figure for rhetorical figure (figura retórica)